docs/import.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Install packages
nav_order: 2
---

# Install packages
{: .no_toc }

In this procedure, you will import your first python package. To develop a python program or implement a function written by python, programmers usually need to use many packages. To use those packages, programmers need to make sure the packages are already installed and be able to use in the PyCharm. By the end of this procedure, you will be able to install any existing python package using Pycharm.

{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

## Table of contents
{: .no_toc .text-delta }

1. TOC
{:toc}

---

## Pre-requisites
Before importing package, make sure you have met the following requirements:
* You have installed the Python downloaded from [https://www.python.org](https://www.python.org).
* You have opened an existing project or created a new project.

## Instructions

1. Click **PyCharm** in the upper left corner of your screen, then click **Perference**. You can also just press Cmd, (⌘,).  
![step1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/1.png?raw=true "step one")  

you will see a new window poped out show as below.  

 ![new poped window](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/1.9.png?raw=true "new poped window") 

<br>

2. Click **Python Interpreter** under **Project:fileName** to see the winder where you can either install, or unstall, or update your package. Some people may see a lot of packages installed like show in this picture below, some people may see an empaty page because there is no packaged installed before.  

![find Python Interpreter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/2_0.png?raw=true "find Python Interpreter") 


3. Click **+** in the bottom right corner   
![click add](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/3.png?raw=true "click add")

a new window will be poped out where you can search for the package you want to install
![new window](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/3_5.png?raw=true "new window")


4. Under the search bar, type in the package name, and find the package in the left bar. Here I typed package *Pandas*.  
![find package](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/4_0.png?raw=true "find package")

5. click **Install Package** to install
![Install Package button](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/5.png?raw=true "Install Package button")


6. There will be a message show above the **Install Package** button, saying Pacakge 'pacakge name' installed sucessfully, which means the was sucessfully installed
![message](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/6_1.png?raw=true "message")



tips: other ways to check if installed already. (note)

>![Note icon](https://github.com/dl90/linux-basics/blob/gh-pages/docs/images/icons/note.png?raw=true "Note"){: style="float: left" }
>> **Note**: You can also install by pip.
<br>
<br>

---
Congratulations! You have learnt how to install Python package using in Pycharm. If you have any issues, check out troubleshooting.

Commit message:

Thur work update. Will continue on the weekend

docs/import.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Install packages
nav_order: 2
---

# Install packages
{: .no_toc }

In this procedure, you will import your first python package. To develop a python program or implement a function written by python, programmers usually need to use many packages. To use those packages, programmers need to make sure the packages are already installed and be able to use in the PyCharm. By the end of this procedure, you will be able to install any existing python package using Pycharm.

{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

## Table of contents
{: .no_toc .text-delta }

1. TOC
{:toc}

---

## Pre-requisites
Before importing package, make sure you have met the following requirements:
* You have installed the Python downloaded from [https://www.python.org](https://www.python.org).
* You have opened an existing project or created a new project.

## Instructions

1. Click **PyCharm** in the upper left corner of your screen, then click **Perferences**. You can also just press `Cmd`+`,` (`⌘`+`,`).  
  ![step1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/1.png?raw=true "step one")  

  You will see a new window poped out show as below.  

 ![new poped window](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/1.9.png?raw=true "new poped window") 

2. Click **Python Interpreter** under **Project:fileName** to open the window where you can see all your installed packages. 
  >![Note icon](https://github.com/dl90/linux-basics/blob/gh-pages/docs/images/icons/note.png?raw=true "Note"){: style="float: left" }
 >> **Note**: Some people may see an empaty page because there was no packaged installed before. 
  <br /> 

  ![find Python Interpreter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/2_0.png?raw=true "find Python Interpreter") 


3. Click **+** in the bottom right corner to start to choose the avaliable packages to install
  ![click add](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/3.png?raw=true "click add")

  A new window will be poped out where you can search for the package you want to install
  ![new window](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/3_5.png?raw=true "new window")


4. In the search bar, type in the package name, and find the package in the left bar. Here was typed package *Pandas* as an example.  
  >![Note icon](https://github.com/dl90/linux-basics/blob/gh-pages/docs/images/icons/note.png?raw=true "Note"){: style="float: left" }
 >> **Note**: Old version of PyCharm may has less pacakages avaiable that cause you cannot find the pacakge you want.
  <br /> 
  ![find package](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/4_0.png?raw=true "find package")

5. click **Install Package** to install
  ![Install Package button](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/5.png?raw=true "Install Package button")


6. There will be a message show above the **Install Package** button, saying Pacakge 'pacakge name' installed sucessfully, which means the was sucessfully installed
  ![message](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dani-j/team2-pycharm/gh-pages/assets/images/docs/package/6_1.png?raw=true "message")



tips: other ways to check if installed already. (note)

>![Note icon](https://github.com/dl90/linux-basics/blob/gh-pages/docs/images/icons/note.png?raw=true "Note"){: style="float: left" }
>> **Note**: You can also install by pip.
<br>
<br>

---
Congratulations! You have learnt how to install Python package using in Pycharm. If you have any issues, check out troubleshooting.
